Provide a PR template to guide contributors (#302)
Alfresco/alfresco-build-tools: docs/README.md

## Release

New versions should follow [Semantic versioning](https://semver.org/), so:

- if you are bugfixing an existing action, bump the third number
- if you introduced a new action or improved an existing action, bump the second number
- only major changes in the repository layout will require a bump in the first number

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To help assessment on a given release, the pull requests can be checked: committers should have provided a hint about the needed version bump in the description.

```

Run the provided release script from your machine to release a new version from this repository:

```sh
./release.sh v1.2.3
```

> After merging the PR, read **carefully** what the release script tells you to do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After merging the PR, **carefully** read the instructions given by the release script.
```

## Release

Bump version defined in [version.txt](/version.txt) during a PR, release
workflow is triggered automatically on PR close.

New versions should follow [Semantic versioning](https://semver.org/), so:

- if you are bugfixing an existing action, bump the third number

> - if you introduced a new action or improved an existing action, bump the second number

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- if you introduced a new action or improved an existing action ensuring backward compatibility, bump the second number
- ```

> - only major changes in the repository layout will require a bump in the first number

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- only major changes in the repository layout, or changes preventing consumer from using the new version of an existing action with his existing job config will require a bump in the first number
```

## Release

Bump version defined in [version.txt](/version.txt) during a PR, release
workflow is triggered automatically on PR close.

New versions should follow [Semantic versioning](https://semver.org/), so:

- if you are bugfixing an existing action, bump the third number
- if you introduced a new action or improved an existing action ensuring
  backward compatibility, bump the second number

> - only major changes in the repository layout, or changes preventing users from
>   using the new version of an existing action without changing their existing
>   job config, will require a bump in the first number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a bump in the first number will be required if there are major changes in the repository layout, or if users are required to change their job config when upgrading to the new version of an existing action
```
sorry cannot format in the GH suggestion :)
